[HTML and CSS] Semantic Web and Semantic Tag
===
# Understanding Semantic Web and Semantic Tag
In this post, we are going to discuss the concepts of Semantic Web and Semantic Tag. Further more, the difference and usage of both Non-Semantic Tag and Semantic Tag.

# What is Semantic Web?

  According to Wikipidia, "**The Semantic Web**, sometimes known as Web 3.0 (not to be confused with Web3), is an extension of the World Wide Web through standards[1] set by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). 
The goal of the Semantic Web is to make Internet data machine-readable".
In easy words, Semantic Web connects and integrate meaningless data and form a meaningful database for users.

In easier words, Semantic Web is **AWESOME!**

# Ok, cool. Why do we need Semantic Tag?

  **Semantic Tag** (or Semantic Element) is not too different concept from Semantic Web. It is a tag that has meaning and self-explanatory to the browser, SEO and developers.
Examples of semantic tag are as follow: form, table, article etc

# When to use Non-semantic and Semantic Tag?- i.e. CSS background-image VS. IMG

How do you determine what to use? First, You need to ask yourself whether if you want the image to be able to searched by the user.
  
  >Is the image strictly used for dsign purpose? - **Use CSS background-image**
  >Is the image need to be indexed by SEO? - **Use img tag**
    
For example, if the image is a part of content and has an important semantic meaning such as a logo or person diagram, img tag is more sutiable.
For everything else, it's better to use CSS background-image especially if the image frequently appears across the site as a background image.


  
